Add coroutines variables (#2928)
Codecademy/docs: content/lua/concepts/variables/variables.md

  - 'Computer Science'
Tags: # Please only use Tags in the tags.md file (https://github.com/Codecademy/docs/blob/main/documentation/tags.md). If that list feels insufficient, feel free to create a new Tag and add it to tags.md in your PR!
  - 'Variables'
CatalogContent: # Please use course/path landing page slugs, rather than linking to individual content items. If listing multiple items, please put the most relevant one first
  - 'learn-lua'
---

Variables are used to store data that can be referenced throughout the code.

Lua has two main types of variables: global variables, which can be used anywhere in a program, and local variables, which can only be referenced in the block where they're defined.

## Creating and Accessing Variables

A variable name can include letters, numbers, and underscores, but must begin with a letter or an underscore. A variable name cannot include a space or any other character.

```lua

a = 10

```

After defining a variable, it can be referred to at any point in the code.

```lua

a = 10

print(a)

```

> In Lua, any variable name is assumed to be global unless it is explicitly declared as a local variable using the `local` keyword.

Reviewer: An example demonstrating local scope could be beneficial here.

> 

Reviewer: Perhaps we can also include a section here on multiple assignment

---
Title: 'Variables' # Required; the file name should be the same as the title, but lowercase, with dashes instead of spaces, and all punctuation removed
Description: 'Variables are used to store data that can be referenced throughout the code.' # Required; ideally under 150 characters and starts with a noun (used in search engine results and content previews)
Subjects: # Please only use Subjects in the subjects.md file (https://github.com/Codecademy/docs/blob/main/documentation/subjects.md). If that list feels insufficient, feel free to create a new Subject and add it to subjects.md in your PR!
  - 'Computer Science'
Tags: # Please only use Tags in the tags.md file (https://github.com/Codecademy/docs/blob/main/documentation/tags.md). If that list feels insufficient, feel free to create a new Tag and add it to tags.md in your PR!
  - 'Variables'
CatalogContent: # Please use course/path landing page slugs, rather than linking to individual content items. If listing multiple items, please put the most relevant one first
  - 'learn-lua'
---

Variables are used to store data that can be referenced throughout the code.

> Lua has two main types of variables: global variables and local variables. For more information on global and local variables, take a look at the documentation on [Scope](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/lua/scope).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Lua has two main types of variables: global variables, which can be used anywhere in a program, and local variables, which can only be referenced in the block where they're defined.
```

Removing reference to scope since we didn't get to it in the internship.

## Creating and Accessing Variables

A variable name can include letters, numbers, and underscores, but must begin with a letter or an underscore. A variable name cannot include a space or any other character.

```lua

a = 10

```

After defining a variable, it can be referred to at any point in the code.

```lua

a = 10

print(a)

```

In Lua, any variable name is assumed to be global unless it is explicitly declared as a local variable using the `local` keyword.

## Reassigning Variables

To modify the value of a variable, assign a new value.

```lua

a = 10

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

Reviewer 2: Extra line
